Allighty who we are live on this
beautiful Monday afternoon. May God
bless you all in the name of Jesus the
Messiah. I pray you are all very blessed
in many ways as the Bitcoin price is
pumping like a wild woman in distress.
Look at this pump, guys. We are over
$80,000
right now.
Pretty dang crazy.
What is going to happen next? Are we
going to make our way up to $100,000?
Man, I did take a poll in the chat
asking a simple question. Is this
breakout real? You guys said no. Y'all
said nah. Nah. Nah, it's fake. Nah, it's
50/50. We're 50/50 in the chat. All
right. Major shout out to everyone in
the chat right now. Big shout out to
Tony Tone. Dr. Pancake27
says, "I'm so moist." Well, there's
nothing better than moist pancakes. I
have to say, when the maple syrup and
the butter have soaked into the hot
flapjacks and you take that bite, my
goodness. My goodness. The instant hit
of dopamine that you get from the
combination of simple carbohydrates
combined with highfat foods hits like
nothing else does. All right, big shout
out to Zift Dude. The bottom is well and
truly behind us. Yeah, we'll see about
that. Shout out to Gabriel GS4X who
says, "Let's go." This is going to be so
interesting.
Uh the Gabriel says, "Bottom, you wish.
You wish," says Gabriel. "You wish that
the bottom was in, huh? You ain't seen
the bottom yet." Shout out to Daniel CA
Prud who says, "Let's find the top and
short." Shout out to Heo Leia Maria
5882.
He says, "Love from Clactton onc UK. God
bless you. Thank you so much for being
here." Did I short 80.6?
I did short 80.5. All right. I did short
80.5.
Shout out to BJ Games 6751. Waiting for
a meeting and watching you. That's cool,
man. I hope your meeting goes well.
Shout out to physique doctor from
Indonesia. Shout out to Chris Swimmer.
Hello, y'all.
Big shout out to save lives of blood ROM
325 daily bear day forming. Yeah, for
sure. Yeah, for sure.
Well, here's the thing.
Um, yes, we are seeing some serious
bearish divergence forming here. All
right, we got some flies flying in here.
We got some big daily bare dips forming
here for sure. All right, Teresa says,
"I'm revenge trading. The only thing you
can do is log out." All right, log out.
Shout out to Prime Vids 3. He says, "The
local top is near fire."
All right, the local top could be in. It
could be in. We're going to We're going
to be doing some high time frame
breakdown analysis. Shout out to Arun
from India. God bless you, Arun. And
shout out to Gorillis 369 from
Asheville.
Owl Pansino. Hey Jay. Inverted ball sack
pattern.
I'm not sure I [laughter] know what the
inverted ball sack pattern is, my
friend. All right. Um,
and now Chichon E5Q says, "Dude, the
bottom is in for sure. Only the
sidelines are going to argue. 82 coming
soon.
Set us short at 84.8."
Uh, I don't know. I don't know. Shout
out to Real Cipher Rider. Hey Jason, may
God bless the Casper crew. Hope we
really break today. Hey, a pump song
during the breakout will be legendary.
Yeah, seriously.
82K might be Zop.
It might be the Yeah, it might be. It
Yeah, it might be. Divine Hood. We'll
break it down. We'll break it down.
Shout out to Chia
says, "Hi, mate." Hello, mate. Hello,
mate. Hello, mate. What's going on,
mate? Cheers, mate.
Cheers, mate. God bless you, mate. Good
to see you here, mate. Cheers.
All right, we've got the confirmed
pullback and the confirmed ball sack
pattern. Um,
all right. Major shout out to Trader
Gio. We've got to do the studio pump
song for sure. All right, let's see who
we got in here. Sabilon 888.
He said, "Who saying no, JC? I think
it's time to kill a freestyle to go with
the pump." Yeah, if we start to break
out, you know, I might have to do that.
And look, I'm still Look, I'm in uh
Yeah. So, here's the deal. I did short
uh 80,435.
Uh I had a limit order set there. I'm
still in it. Haven't taken profits. All
right.
Have not taken profits.
Let me let me pop it on the screen here.
The reason why I took that trade is
because of this guys. All right? Because
of this. I've been talking about it
literally for years. Like literally
since November,
we have been talking about this
important level being a major support
resistance flip. And so that's the kind
of level where you can set a limit
order. [laughter] I mean, look at that.
You know, now I could have closed this
for like a $6,000 profit. I did not
because I any short I take from here on
out, guys, is for sure
uh a hedge. All right, for sure a hedge.
And so again, I'm up right now about 70
grand unrealized profit on my longs. And
so therefore, this trade here, risking
$1,500
at my 75K is absolutely worth it in case
we just happen to tap into the most
obvious resistance in the world and
reject. Right? In case we happen to tap
into the most obvious resistance in the
world and reject. And sometimes that
does happen. All right? Sometimes that
does. I'm not saying it's going to
happen now, but I mean often times we do
see these support resistance flip
flippity flip-flops act as the major
resistances and supports. I mean let us
not forget what happened over here,
right? Let us not forget what happened
at this support resistance flippity
flute flop right over here.
Right? And let us not forget what
happened on this support resistance
flippity flip-flop right over here.
Right? Look, like literally to Oh, wait.
You guys can't see that. Hang on one
second. Hang on one second, guys. Hang
on. Hang on. Let's not forget what
happened on this support resistance
flippity flip-flop.
Like literally to the dang dollar.
January 24, we bounced August 24,
March 24, April 25. Right. So, and I
mean, honestly, on the way down, we
didn't quite hit it, but we came pretty
dang close to this support resistance
flippity flip-flop, right? support and
then we come up into this box. Boom. We
drop. So, this could be a top, guys.
Look, look, I'm not saying it is, but
let's let's drop jump into the chart.
The first thing that becomes quite
obvious
as we look at this here, the first thing
that becomes quite obvious is this
diagonal trend line, guys. The bare
market resistance. Make sure to smash up
the likes. All right. Make sure to smash
up the likes. the bare market
resistance. We are breaking out. Not
only are we breaking out, but if we take
it off log,
it looks pretty ugly, but we technically
got a breakout and a back test here. I
mean, it looks ugly as all get out,
honestly. But if we put it back on log,
it's a pretty clean looking break of
this trend line. So, the question is,
what happens next? Well, I'm going to
clear off everything. And there's just
one simple line I'm gonna draw on the
chart, guys, which is this.
All right, where we're currently at
right now, we'll make it a little bit
higher.
And we'll go to the weekly time frame.
All right, this is going to be
around this zone, guys. If we can
reclaim this box and the reason why this
box is because this is where the volume
is from the range that we had April to
March, April 2025. This is really the
support resistance flip from December
[snorts] November 25. Then I'd say why
not get a move up to the Fibonacci
golden pocket. All right. Why not? If
we're going to come back because again
we have to realize that we're we're
taking it level to level, right? And so
right now where are the two major
levels? The two major levels right
around let's let's call it 80 82k like
on average. All right and 100K on
average. These are the two major levels
when we're looking at price action is
floors of a house. Right? Our ceiling
back in the end of 2024
got flipped into the floor
in the summer and fall of 2025. All
right. Then we launched the floor and we
came down to the bottom of the basement
floor. Right? We got a little bit of a
bounce from the basement floor, right?
This is now our resistance because what
used to be the floor is now the ceiling.
Right? You come from the basement into
the lower basement and now this is the
ceiling of the lower basement. So if we
can get above here, then we come up back
to the ceiling which is around $100,000.
Right? we are now going to be trading
within this range again, right? It's
very possible for that to happen. Now,
if we reject from here,
then we could see some downside. So, we
know that we are at very important
resistance.
And although we recognize that we can we
there is a very bullish potential here,
we also need to recognize that we are at
a resistance.
All right? And this is not the best
place to long Bitcoin. What was a good
place to long Bitcoin? Well, the last
great place we had to long Bitcoin was
on Wednesday when we got the back test
of $75,000. This is why you got to
subscribe to Jason Casper's YouTube
channel cuz I put half a million dollars
on Bitcoin live from literally the exact
bottom. All right. 74976.40.
74976.
All right.
And on that day, on that Wednesday,
where did we come down to on Bybit?
Where was that? Right here.
All right. So, yeah, lit literally we we
literally longed the exact bottom live,
guys. So, that was a good place to long.
Right now, we're we're coming back to
the resistance. Not the best place.
Could it work out? It could,
but it's not the best place to long. You
want to be long in the dips now.
All right. Also, we got to shout out the
Casper crew because we are in juicy long
trades from the lows of this right from
65K giving the setups in advance, giving
the trades in the moment. All right, at
jason caspertrading.com. All right,
we've literally been crushing this this
whole range here. Crushing, destroying
since March in the Casper crew. We have
shorted and longed and shorted and
longed and shorted and longed every
major move in this range. And now we are
long from the low. All right. So, as we
look at the chart, weekly time frame, we
have curved from the money flow purple
into the blue. Historically, this means
that the bottom is in. All right. Last
time we had the money flow go from the
purple into the blue. It did mean that
the bottom was in. All right. Happened
right over here. The bottom was in. All
right. The time before that, what
happened? Let's take a look. We got to
go back in history, right? We curved
from the purple into the blue and the
bottom was in. Now, here's the thing. In
2019, we curved from the purple into the
blue. Watch very carefully.
We curve from the purple into the blue
right around here. Then, guess what
happened? We come up to the Fibonacci
macro golden pocket and we reject how
much of a rejection?
70%.
Oh my goodness. Right. Very bullish. We
have a big bottom on the weekly. Money
flow curve back into the blue. We have a
big move. We're changing market
structure confirming that the bottom's
in. Bottom is in. Bottom is for sure in.
Right? We go back in time. If if if
someone were to say back here, was the
bottom in? And I say, "Yeah, the
bottom's in." Right? People might
misunderstand that and say, "Time's 100x
long." Right? Well, guess what? 70%
correction over the next few months. All
right. Let's take a look at the time
before that. All right? money flow from
the purple into the blue. Guess what?
This time we just went straight up. We
just went straight up. All right. Now,
what does this tell us? It means even if
we're seeing massive bottom signals,
there is room on high time frames for
massive amounts of volatility.
All right, we even look at like we even
look at like our 3-week chart for
example, which which I which I think is
a or let's let's go to our twoe chart,
right? You get the big bottom confirmed
on the twoe. You go back last time after
that dot confirms we do end up with a
drop of about 38%. All right, you go
back to the again we we looked at the
70% drop and then we go back to 2014
2015 we confirm a green dot big oversold
on the twoe and we end up also with a
40% drop. So again there is lots of room
for volatility here even though we have
macro bottom signals. All right I mean a
great example of that is this. We
confirm a a two-week bearish divergence.
All right, we confirm a bearish
divergence on the two week and then
guess what? 70% pump to the upside.
70% pump to the upside, right? On the
contrary, you know, we confirmed the dot
down here, 40% drop, right? There is
room for volatility on the high time
frames. So, if you're on spot, it's all
good in the hood. But if you're trying
to get into leverage trades, be careful
because all it takes is some short-term
volatility to liquidate you and then
you're wrecked. But if we reclaim this
level at 81, let's call it 82, I don't
see why we can't come to the macro
golden pocket, which Bitcoin loves to
do. In fact, every bare market, we come
up to the golden pocket and get a little
bit of a rejection.
I mean, look at this, right? The macro
golden pocket in 2019. Rejection own
right. The golden pocket right here in
January 2024 right here. Rejection own.
I remember it like it was yesterday. We
shorted that in a Dan Casper crew. Made
like 10 grand on that trade. You know,
I'll never forget
rejection. Now this time it wasn't 70%.
This time it was only 21%. So I am
watching this level here to see what is
going to happen. But right now, Bitcoin
is trying to get the pump. We are trying
to get the pump right now, guys. We are
trying to get the pump right now. Oh,
man. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling the
pump. Let's see if we can't make a new
high. All right, let's see. Come on,
Bitcoin.
Come on, Bitty. Itty bitty Bitcoin. Come
on. This is a nice candle now. Oh, wait.
I forgot to mention. Look, if we do
reject from here too, guys, 2-day time
frame with a potential bearish
divergence of money flow and momentum.
Daily time frame, bearish divergence,
potential money flow and momentum.
12-hour time frame, bearish divergence,
potential 4hour time frame, potential
bearish divergence, money flow and
momentum. There are bearish divergences
here on high time frames that if we
don't break out of this line I've drawn
on the chart, we could see some serious
downside.
All right, Bybit just took the high,
everybody. We just took the high again
on Bybit, I think. Yes, Bybit just took
the high again.
Mexi uh not Mexi. Our Antarctic did not
take the high. All right, but I feel a
launch getting ready to happen. New York
is back from launch
and a launch is getting ready to happen.
Wow. Oh my. Look at this. Oh my Oh wow.
bullish CBD all in this zone. You know,
we had this little move down today. We
had some bullish CVD here and now we're
starting to get another pump. Looks like
the bulls are are in control of this.
Look at this. You know, lots of longs
opening up here. Bullish CVD.
It is looking pump city, baby. Oh, man.
It is looking so dang po right now. It
is looking so dang po right now.
Oh. Oh, let's go, baby. All right. Now,
look. Uh,
let me show the the short trade, too,
cuz look, I'm still in the dang short.
It's in the red. Let's see. It's in the
red. But look,
I had to take it, guys, because again,
again,
again, I'm just looking at this as
capital protection. All right, you come
to a dang support resistance flip as
obvious as this one here. as obvious as
this one, right? That you have to just
take it to protect your long trades when
you're up 68 plus 8. I don't even know
what that is. I don't even know. I don't
even know that $76,000. When you're up
76K. All right. Unrealized profit. You
got to
You've got to be taking some dang Here
we go. We're getting a massive move.
Getting a massive move right now. All
right. Hang on.
Get in a massive move right now. You've
got to be hedging yourself. All right.
Hedge yourself. Don't wedge yourself.
Don't tread yourself. Here we go, baby.
Here we go. Here we go. Shout out to
Divine Hood. Shout out to Krypto Crank
in the dang chat. What's going on,
Krypto Crank? Good to see you, bro. Good
to see you, Divine Hood, guys. Make sure
to subscribe to Divine Hood. Make sure
to subscribe to Crypto Crank.
Big shout out to Tanks9599.
He says, "Hey yo, when I cope, Jay,
you're my only hope. I don't smoke dope,
but your sunshine while I'm held on a
rope." Thank you. Thank you for the
bars.
Um, yeah. Here we go, baby. All right,
let's see. Are we going to break out?
Come on. What is a ball sack pattern
that everyone keeps talking about? And
who coined this ball sack pattern? What
is a ball sack pattern? What does that
look like?
What is a ball [laughter] What the heck
is a ball sack pattern, guys? I honestly
don't know. I'm going to have to Google
it. And I'm scared. I'm sc I'm scared.
I'm scared to Google it.
All right. ball sack pattern trading.
All right, I guess.
[laughter] All right, mature cont. All
right, I don't know. I don't know what I
don't know what a ball sack pattern is,
but okay. Maybe this is it here. This
one here. I don't know. Okay, I don't
know.
I'm uneducated. All right, but we are
Oh, come on. Are you kidding me? Another
rejection. Nah, we're pumping, baby.
[laughter]
These the I'm You know what? This is
This whole uptrend obviously has been
one giant tease since 75K.
You know, the the pattern here is a slow
painful pump. [music] We're gonna have
some I feel that we're gonna have a big
fast blowoff top
that is eventually going to give us a
big pullback here, but I still don't
feel like this is the top. All right,
but it could be. [music] We've taken
that high. Oh my goodness. Let's go down
to local market cipher.
All right, let's go down to the
12minute.
Um, yeah, I mean I could see it's tough.
It's tough to say. It really is tough to
say right now, guys. We might just range
here more, but I I hope we don't. Man,
I hope that we don't, guys. It smells
like onions.
It smells like onions outside right now.
I'm all done, brother. 125K in the last
two weeks. I'm here just cheerleading.
Gab, I I feel you on that crypto crank.
Sometimes after you make a lot of money
trading, you need to just enjoy that
feeling and don't mess it up. You know
what I'm saying? Enjoy that feeling,
bro. You deserve a break, my man. You
deserve a break. You deserve to relax
and just chill, bro.
Honestly. So, congratulations, my man.
Weekly money flow confirmed in the
green. Yes, for sure.
All right.
Um,
it's the Zoomer's way of saying a W
pattern.
Okay.
Yeah. So, let's talk about some
potential resistance.
All right. Let's talk about some
potential resistance and some potential
scenarios that could or may play out
here. Okay. Let's talk about some
potential resistances that may play out.
Now, first of all, I do want to
acknowledge that this is a very
difficult
If we're looking for shorts here,
honestly, it's going to be difficult.
And I'll tell you why. It starts with
the fact that I mean, we are
we we are coming to I I'd say this is
like where we're currently at right now.
The support resistance flip is the last
like key level that we have. We can say
this is a specific level. After that,
guys, we just have a zone of random
levels. For example, we have the
previous uh value area low at around
86.4.
All right. In addition to that, we have
the macro value area low that's going to
be coming in
just above us at 816. All right.
So, we have this. I mean, I consider
that I consider that where we're at
right now. 816.
Excuse me. I consider that this
currently our current resistance. But if
we break above that, we've got the value
area low. We've got the Fibonacci golden
pocket from the high to the low coming
in at like 84,000, right? There's just
so many. There's not like that one area
where we can say this is it, right? We
got the value area low, we got the
golden pocket, we got the value area
low, we got the PC, we got the 786,
right? Then we got ourselves the next
value area. And so what that does is
this gives us an extreme
zone of literally, you know, 13%. This
is not the kind of trade you can just,
you know, come in and snipe an entry
when you have such a big zone. One of
two things going to happen. Either you
have to go in with a really small
position size or you're going to have to
try and catch the knife at every level.
And of course, I will probably do the
ladder. I'll probably try and catch the
knife at every dang level. All right.
But the next area I'm interested in
actually is going to be around 815.
All right, I'm gonna go ahead and set an
alert here that says full port
full
port
150x leverage.
All accounts,
all money sell house to short.
All right. So, yeah, full port 100x
leverage. All accounts, all money sell
house to short.
That will be my next and possibly last
trade ever.
If it goes not my way, if it goes my
way, I'm going have to pull a crypto
crank and just take some time off,
[snorts] you know? Dang it, Bitcoin.
A simple CDW.
A simple CDW. My goodness. Well, again,
like I said, ladies and gents, there's a
reason why there's a reason why
80,500 is such a key level. And there's
a reason why I had a limit order set
here and [music] I took this limit order
because again there is a chance that
Bitcoin simply does reject from the most
obvious support resistance flip in the
world.
All right, there is a chance of that. I
hope it doesn't happen. All right, but
there is a chance of that. All right, we
are up right now $600,000 long, about
$300,000 short. All right, I got $450K
on this long trade here. I'm up $66,000.
I'm in another $200,000 long up about
8K. All right, [music] now I'm in a
$300,000 short that I limited in. This
is a limit order. All right, a limit
order. Let's see here. Yeah, limit
order. Look, limit order
[laughter]
right there. And the again, the reason
why I took that limit order, guys, is
because it's such a key level that
again, when you're up tens of thousands
of dollars long and you come to such a
level as this, it's riskier to not hedge
yourself, right? It's like if you're
wrong, you're wrong and you get out with
a $1,500 loss. But if for some reason,
if for some reason you're right, it
protects that capital,
that capital,
right? What was the name of the book
that that uh
what's the communist guy named Markx?
Didn't he write a book called El Cavatal
or something? I don't even remember his
name. Karl Marx.
Carl Marx from the moon.
Yeah. El Cappy Towel.
Something like that. [snorts]
Good old Carl Marx, you know.
What a cool guy,
you know.
Man,
oh man. Guys, make sure to smash up the
likes as the Bitcoin price is in insane
pump city mode
and we are in a $600,000 long trade up
right now around $76,000
unrealized. I should take profit, but
I'm not because I'm greedy. I want more,
baby. I want more. I want more. I want
more. I want more.
Oh, man. Big shout out to Lee Kuang. He
says 7807. What's the egg code? I got to
do it. Um,
you think he was evil to the bone? I
mean, just cuz he was a lazy drunk who
couldn't do anything,
um, was responsible for millions of
people dying and had a uh, economic
ideology that led to the poverty of many
people. Uh, I don't know what makes him
such a bad guy, right? I mean, after
all,
wouldn't it be great if we all had
everything in common?
You know,
let's see.
856. I'm calling it now. I'm a market
maker, says Bart Zet. And I will go all
the way down to your entry. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Fair enough, my friend. The market
makers are coming down to your boy's
entry. All right.
Um,
what do I think about money flow on
market cyer? I think it's bullish on the
high time frames, potentially bearish on
the low. All right. And we are at a a
very important support resistance flip
right now, guys. All right. A very, very
important support resistance flip. And
if we break this, you can rest assured
I'm going to add a little bit to this
long trade. Probably get it from the
$75,000 region.
It would be great to have a million
dollar position here.
You know, that would be epic. $1 million
position.
Um,
no pump song, no breakout. All right, we
might have to do it. Trust. We're going
a little higher. I feel that. I feel
that. One like for Bitcoin dump. Shout
out to Blockchain Cowboy. What's going
on, Blockchain Cowboy? Good to see you,
man. God bless you.
Um,
[snorts]
shout out to CryptoCrank. Shout out to
my man Jose. He says, "Energy crisis
incoming. Trump imploding. Dubai being
attacked. New Fed chair. New all-time
high debt. OMG. LMO." Yeah, I I
appreciate all the sensationalism.
He says, "Karl Marx was Satanist. Read
letters from his son."
Shout out to Gerby Q. He says, "Dear
Lord, dear Lord, please have mercy on us
all." Seriously,
CME just took the high. Bybit took the
high as well. Bybit took the high as
well. Call me crazy. Me don't think
we're going to break it on the first
try.
Uh I mean it might take some time here.
You know it might take some time. We
didn't even fill the CMA gap at 81.2.
Yeah, I think I you know my next target
if this doesn't give us a rejection my
next actual target is going to be the
value area low
back test on buy it. So, you know, let's
take a little look here what we've got.
All right, let's pop it on over.
Pop it on over.
Yeah. So, we've got the green box here.
So, you can see, but the top of the
green box is right here at around 81621.
And so, that that would be the next
place I would look there.
Let's check out market safer. How's she
looking? Yeah, I mean another pump up
could give us uh another scalp. I mean,
honestly,
man, 80.6 did give us a really nice
scalp. And I I like I said, I could have
taken profit. I I shorted this. I held
all the way down. I was up like 7K. Now,
I'm holding it back to zero. But again,
it's part of my trading plan. I'm not
upset about this. I am I am longing with
with hedging along the way to protect my
capital. All right. Major shout out. He
says, "Good British accent." Really? You
think so? Cuz honestly,
um I feel like it's pretty bad,
honestly. Right, mate? It's pretty bad.
It's [music] it's it's a combination of
of of
from the UK and Australia. Might
might.
Um
last pump before we dump hard.
Bears are still salty after getting
spanked. Shout out to Miguel Santos.
Shout out to S. Walker. Shout out to the
muscles. Shout out to the muscles, guys.
You know, praise God for muscles. Where
would we be if we didn't have muscles?
Can you imagine if we had no muscles and
we were just bones and skin? We wouldn't
be able to move. We would not be able to
move at all. Can you imagine not being
able to move? Some people have that
experience. Praise God for everything
you have. If you can walk, man, praise
the Lord for that. Praise the Lord for
that. Come on, baby.
All right, [snorts] let's
>> Yeah, I guess you guys can hear
everything in the background. You guys
can hear the tractor. You guys can hear
probably the treadmill cuz my noise
[music] gate doesn't work. If I try and
use my noise gate, guess what happens?
I'll show you.
There's a there's a glitch here.
>> Hello, ladies and gentlemen. My name is
Jason Casper. I'm here to tell you to
click to make in the description of the
video to sign up for all my cool things.
Use my affiliate link to pay for my
bills. Please click, please click,
please click in the description of the
video. Click all the links. Please give
me your money right now. Is a public
service announcement from your good
friend Jason Casper. Uncle Jay, as they
call me, your uncle. What could go
wrong? I'm your uncle, right?
Hey.
Hello, it's Jason Casper coming in today
to give you guys a very important
Bitcoin announcement.
There's an issue. You know, there's an
issue.
There's an issue with that. Um,
[laughter]
it's so strange. Isn't that strange?
Pumparoni cheese and extra slice of guac
in celebration of Cinco de Mario.
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mario. Isn't that
the day when Mexico beat the French
people?
Right,
Cinco de Mayo?
Man, I do have to say I do thoroughly
enjoy tacos and guacamole
and enchiladas. Is that even Mexican
food? I don't know. But that is some
good stuff.
Big shout out to follow Baba who says,
"If I didn't have muscles, I'd just get
me a muscle mommy and drink Tren infused
milk from the bosom
at Jason Casper." Sounds like a good
idea.
Sounds like a good idea. What is my TP
target? Well, honestly, um
I uh not
I don't know. This trade I I'm thinking
to TP around 81, take some more P here
and just see what the market can give me
on this one. The other swing trade, I
want to close it for a $100,000 profit.
All right. I want to close it for a
$100,000 profit.
You're from Mexico? Is that real Mexican
food or no? Let me know. I've only been
to Mexico once and I've never been to
the UK. Felix H. I don't think I ever
will either. Um,
one hour uneven butt cheeks about to
print. Let's check it out. This just in,
everybody.
This just in.
Oh, I can use this just in. One hour
uneven butt shakes about to print on
market cipher B.
Just in breaking news. One hour uneven
butt cheeks about to print on market
cipher B. Let's take a look over here.
Oh my goodness. Would you look at the
butt cheeks? Let's inspect. We got the
left butt cheek right here. Nice and big
and juicy. Confirmed red dot. We've got
the butt crack as we're leading up to
the right butt cheek about to confirm
them on the one hour. We take out the
measuring tool from crack to crack.
about 14 hours of butt crack. We take a
look at the confluence. Oh my goodness,
it looks beautiful. We take the
screenshot of the cheeks upside down. We
put it back on the chart. We stretch the
cheeks a little bit.
Give a stretch. One, two, three. Yes.
Feel the stretch, baby.
It could happen.
It may happen. Cry.
Okay.
It may happen. It may happen.
But uh it might not happen. Okay. In
fact, there is some room for the upside
here on the 1 hour. What what concerns
me a little bit more is the 24minut,
right? 24 minute
about to confirm in 11 minutes. But I
personally do think we pump. We take a
look back at the order flow. It's
looking like a healthy move. Bullish
CVD.
Um increase of open interest. Things are
looking tight. [music] All right. Things
are looking tight here. Like we're about
to squeeze the juice. Um,
[music] you know,
we're about to squeeze the juice.
It You know what? It's not a voice
changer. Bitcoin [__] one. It's a
glitch.
It's a glitch with my noise gate. I'm
not sure how to fix that. Um,
I'm just not sure how to fix that. Let's
see if I Let's see if I can try to fix
it.
Um,
I don't know how to fix it right now,
[music] you know.
Oh, maybe this will fix it,
guys. Let me know if this fixes it. All
right.
Check two. Check one. Check two.
Is Jason Casper's audio fixed or do we
still sound like a an auctioneer from
the 1920s? And we've got $80,300
Bitcoin. Do I hear $81,000 Bitcoin? We
got $81,000 Bitcoin. 81 going once,
going twice. $82,000 Bitcoin. We're
going to have to check it on our own
screen here on our own phone. Let's see
what's going to happen over here. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
>> [music]
>> Yeah.
Okay.
>> Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
It's It's a little bit better,
right?
>> Yeah. It's good.
It's good.
So, let's try this here.
It's a little bit better. Yeah.
>> So, I think I think I found the problem.
I think this this is it. I think that
this is it.
Hello everybody. How are you? Let me
know if this sounds crazy.
Did it sound crazy again? If it does, I
found the issue.
[music] I found the issue.
Cool.
>> [music]
>> All right. Well,
yeah. Again, again, guys, this is a very
key level. I mean, we've had this level
on our chart, this key level.
We've had this on our chart for
a long time.
So, let's see what happens as we
approach [music]
the level.
Which prop firm do I recommend to trade
on? Well, I got to recommend Klein
Funding and Bitfunded. All right. I got
to recommend client Funding and
Bitfunded.
All right. These two
crypto props that I'm officially [music]
partnered with. All right.
So,
all right. We are starting to get a bit
of a drop.
Oh man, I wish we were getting a bit of
a pump.
Wish we were getting a bit of a pump
here. Let's pop on over to
this right over here. Keep our eyes on
these big swing trades. Keep our eyes on
these big swing trades.
Let's keep our eyes on these big swing
trades.
We have the 24-minute red dot coming in.
Market cipher B coming in hot. It might
take us a little bit longer here.
[music]
I think about breakout funding. Uh I
think it's a good I think it's good. I
do think it's good, too. Breakout is
good. All right. It's owned by Kraken.
You know, always cracking jokes.
always cracking jokes. [snorts]
You hope it dumps to 50K.
You hope it dumps to 50K. Yeah, let's do
it. Let's do it. [music]
So, just quickly here, I have to say,
guys, I still expect us to come up
higher.
I don't expect this turn to anything too
crazy. worst case scenario right now. I
would say that the absolute worst case
scenario, I can't say the absolute worst
case scenario, but a likely scenario if
we're going to continue to chop here is
to come down and take all these lows and
then get a move back up and giving us a
nice bullish divergence here. If this
happens, we might be able to hop into a
freshy. All right, cuz we do have some
bearish divergence here just like we had
up here. We could see a bit more
downside in the next coming few hours
here, especially if that 1 hour does
confirm, but I would assume we just come
down to the bottom of this range, take
these lows and get a bounce. All right.
All right. That that is something that
could happen here. All right.
That five bit wig was pretty uncanny.
Honestly, it was pretty uncanny. I'm not
going to lie.
Um,
it was pretty uncanny.
It was pretty uncanny.
What's my uh client funding discount
code is Jason 15. It's all in the
description of the video, guys. So,
everything everything that I am
affiliated with is all in the
description of the video. So, that
includes Antarctic, KSEX, Blofin, Yubit,
Klein, and Bitfunded. All right. So,
it's interesting. Now most people say in
the poll that we are not going to get a
real breakout here. So that's quite
interesting.
I think this is a likely scenario,
right?
I think this is a likely scenario that
I've got pulled up on the screen here.
Something like this could very well
happen because we've got this upside
down uneven butt cheek pattern here on
the 1 hour.
Yeah, that was a crazy wick we had on by
bit as well.
Uh let's take a look at the buy wick
here, guys. Do you see this? This
happened on the one minute chart. In one
minute, we dropped. Let's go to the one
minute chart. [music]
W
Look at this wick. Oh my goodness. Let's
turn our purple wicks uh a different
color so we can see this better.
Look at this wick. That green line,
guys. You see that here?
That is insane.
In 1 [music] minute,
we opened and we dropped
4.9%.
In fact, it's even happened on the
5-second chart. I don't think we can see
it
because there's not enough time here.
Let's see if we can see it.
Oh my good, guys. Look at this. It's
very rare that Viva gets a scam like
this, guys. In 5 seconds.
In 5 seconds, we dropped
5%.
That's insane. So, is this wick going to
fill? I I don't know. I don't know
because I I haven't seen this very
often.
It only happened on the buy bit inverse
perpetual. I don't know if it actually
happened on the exchange or if it just
happened on the chart. I have mixed
reviews and I haven't logged into Bybit
to find out.
Uh, can anyone tell me? Actually, maybe
I can go to Bybit. Maybe I don't have to
log in real quick. Let's see.
Yeah, I don't have to log in. Let's see
if the wick actually Yeah, it happened,
guys. [music]
It's real. Look at this.
Look at this.
Yeah. So, is this wick going to fill? I
don't know. But what's interesting about
the wick is where did we break down to?
None other than the dang Let's go to the
the 4 hour.
I'm pretty sure we went down to the
golden pocket
from the
Yeah, look at that. I mean, we went down
to the dang golden pocket from the lows
that we had at 736.
So, you know, interestingly enough, this
is
this actually is a key support. if we
come down to around $76,000
that this is a key support around 76K.
Maybe this is a preview of what's going
to happen. You know, that's a preview
what's going to happen. But, you know,
we were looking at this. We were looking
at this on the index here
potentially coming down to 77.7.
If we go ahead and pull the fib
from our low to high now, that's going
to be right around the golden pocket
down there. But 76K, that's going to be
the 786. And if we're looking at our
sideways range as this right here,
right? Then yeah, I mean [music] that
potentially is is going to take us right
down could take us right down to the
bottom of this channel. And maybe that
wick is a preview. You know,
additionally, we do have we go to the
daily time frame,
we do have a a daily order block right
around 758.
So, you know, maybe maybe
>> [music]
>> I don't know. That would be pretty wild.
But nonetheless, I think it's pretty
clear even on the daily time frame that
this is now being respected as a
channel. All right. This is being
respected now as a channel. [music] In
fact, we could pull this as a parallel
channel. We don't even need to draw it
with uh the brush tool like that. Look
at this. You know, the parallel channel.
We just connect these three highs here
and we connect these lows.
It's being respected pretty well right
now. One, two, three taps to the bottom.
One, two, three, four taps to the high,
depending on how you want to pull this
here,
you know.
What's up, y'all? We got a super chat in
the house. Let me uh pull off this
weighted vest real quick.
Man, I have to say
that weight batch is heavy. It's not
really that heavy, but I'm tired.
I'm tired. I had leg day yesterday. I'm
feeling it. I'm feeling it today. Leg
day yesterday. Feeling it today. Can you
check Rave? You're a beast. God bless
you. Thank you so much for the super
chat. Um, yeah, let's check Rave. Well,
man, I wish Bitcoin would get a move. We
We haven't any big moves
lately here.
Yeah, let's check Rave.
Um, wow. Look at Rave on the daily. Big
rugpool. [music] Um, but we're at
support resistance flip here.
Oh my goodness, Rave.
I have nothing to say about Rave except
here's the thing. Um,
[music] we're bouncing from the 786 fib.
Um,
this is I I I don't know. This is not
anything I would ever trade in a million
years, okay? But it's a support
resistance flip.
If you want to take a really dangerous
gamble, you know, at least you know
where you're wrong, which is if we lose
as a support resistance flip, right? Um,
this is this is obviously like a rugpull
coin. [music]
Um,
as a rugpull coin, where where would I
where could we look to short? I I don't
even know anymore.
I don't know. This is a rug pull. So
like
this is support resistance flip. We're
down what are we down 100%.
Basically [music] we're down 98%. So you
know
I don't know. I I it's not something I
would buy. It's not something I would
long. This is not something I can take
seriously simply because
you can't really do any real TA on
something like this, right?
So, if you want to gamble with it, I
mean, there you go. All right.
There you go.
But thank you so much for the super
chat. I appreciate it. [music]
Oh, man. Bitcoin taking a tumble.
Bitcoin taking a tumble.
My age is catching up with me.
Oh, because of being tired on leg day.
Look, my leg day, I go hard on leg day.
I train legs twice a week. I'm also been
losing weight, so I'm in a caloric
deficit. And I've been hitting PRs in
the gym uh on my leg days. So, I'm
hitting PRs with
I know it doesn't sound very cool, but
Smith machine Bulgarian split squats.
Probably one of the most brutal
leg exercises you can do. They're
amazing because they allow you to push
really hard, really, really hard without
any risk. I mean, there's always a risk
of injury, please, don't get me wrong,
but, you know, because you're in a Smith
machine, you don't have to worry about
your your back going out first, you
know, it's really just all in the leg,
right? You push that thing until failure
and uh it takes a lot out of you. Right?
I'm doing like three heavy sets of that.
Right? Plus, I'm doing Romanian
deadlifts. Plus, I'm doing a set of leg
presses until failure.
Plus, I'm doing
uh hip thrusts. And I'll tell you,
people laugh at hip thrusts, but I mean,
working [music] at working those glutes
is the biggest muscle on your body.
You push your glutes, still failure.
You're going to feel that the next day.
Telling you, you're going to feel that
the next day. But look, I am old. All
right, I'll acknowledge it. I'm old. I'm
closer to 40 than I am to 30 right now.
I'm closer to 40 than I am to 30. So,
my age might be catching up.
My age might be catching up. Gold hit a
new weekly low today. Look at this. Look
at gold, guys. Gold hitting a new weekly
low.
Stretch it on out here.
Hip thrusts are brutal. They are brutal,
I'll tell you.
I'll tell you. Shout out to preparing
for war. God bless you, bro. How are the
workouts going? Preparing for war. How
are the workouts going, man?
Yeah. What's the egg code for today?
Let's get ourselves an egg code for
today.
Let's see where where how do I do how do
I make an egg code? Hang on. I should
know how to do this.
All right, guys. The egg code for today
is this.
I'll pop it in the chat.
All right. Just pop it in the chat here.
This is it.
What is this [music] going on?
Wait, what?
This is strange. I didn't I've I don't
know what to do here.
I don't know what I just did here.
Um,
you squat all the time. I don't know.
All right. You're 46 and you squat all
the time. Well, here's the thing. I'm 6'
3, bro.
Really tall. Very, very tall. And for
me, the uh the barbell back squat,
although I thoroughly love her.
She is a her, by the way. Um she's a
dangerous woman.
Um I I can easily run myself to the
ground squatting often. All right. So, I
I just
If you can do it and you're 46, God
bless you, man. But I cannot. I cannot.
Not as much as I love to squat. Love
squatting.
Um,
but yeah, it's just it's it's just a
little bit too much for me in my old
age, guys.
Um,
is there any way I'll give away free
memberships in the Casper Crew? Yeah, we
give away free memberships all the time.
Every single month, we're giving away
free memberships in the Casper Crew.
So, join the free Discord and maybe
you'll win. We're always giving away
free memberships, you know.
Yeah. Squatterers rights. There you go,
man. Some boring action. What the heck,
Bitcoin?
We need some sensationalism here, baby.
What is going on? What is going on?
Big shout out to Alex O.
What's going on, bro? Are you bullish?
You bearish?
Tell me what to do.
Should I stay bullish, Alex? Cuz I'm
bullish right now, but I need advice
from a real trader.
What about false move one day? Yeah.
Yeah, that's why that's why I'm saying
like I was I was think I thought we were
going to break out just now, but you
know it wouldn't at all surprise me if
we don't just do this
um take the lows from the weekend maybe
come down to 777 and then get a move up.
That would give us a really nice
inverted head and shoulders here, right?
Uh or maybe come down to the bottom of
the channel first. But yeah, those would
be some targets to the downside that I
have. If this is really going to give us
a move to the downside, we do have some
24-minute bearish div
um
you know,
80 to 84. Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm I'm hoping
to hold these longs for longer, you
know, keep the longs and the shorts
short. You know what I'm saying? Someone
says you're always bearish. Path my 75
says Alexo is always bear. Is that true?
Alexo.
Are you always bearish?
Buoyant said this is a nice SFP. All
right, let's see what Buoyant says here.
Buoyant says
that's a nice SFP. Looking for He's
looking for a short. All right. He's
looking for a short.
All right.
Well, Boyan's looking for a short. I
mean, I'm in one. Let's Let's see. It's
It's going to be a difficult difficult
difficult entry here.
That's the hair today, guys. Let me
know. Uh, hey, let's take a poll.
Actually, how's the hair? We need a new
poll in here. All right. How is the
hair?
What in this poll? Take a new one. How's
the hair?
How's the hair? Good, bad, or Chad?
Good, bad, or Chad? Alex O says 12 out
of 10.
They like to be called littles, not
shorts. Littles and not shorts. Okay,
cool. Uh, you guys think the hair is
good?
I think it looks good, too.
I think that looks great. What is the
egg code number one? The egg code is
one. All right,
let's pop the egg code into the chat
there.
One.
The egg code is one. All right,
what level do we short if we dump from
here? Well, if we dump from here, then
this is the level to short. All right.
If we dump from here, then you should
have shorted right now. All right.
have shorted right now. How much is VIP?
VIP is, let me do a calculation for you.
Um,
let's see here.
$26 a day.
This much a day.
>> $2.16.
>> All right.
>> $65 a month.
>> You don't have hair. My son saw my last
hair at 28. Wow. Really?
I know, right? Memory man, we finally
got 80K.
Big shout out to memory man in the chat.
God bless you, man. Good to see you
here, bro. My barber hates me. I'm my
own barber. I cut my own hair. I cut my
own hair. So, yeah. Uh, I don't hate
myself,
but I do have to admit I'm not the best
barber in the world. Big shout out.
Let's say Rave keeps going. What? Real
target. All right. Thank you for the
super chat. Let's take a look at Rave.
My screen is not frozen.
Is your guys screen frozen?
All right, let's check out Rave for the
super chat. I don't know why everyone's
obsessed with Rave,
but for your sake.
We will check out Rave
again.
If we keep pumping, what is my actual
target?
I mean, I would have to say the golden
pocket, man. 114ish.
Hang on. No, 642.
That's the golden pocket. Uh, no. At
least maybe at least maybe it's to
$2.50. Like the way I would have to look
at this is falling wedge,
you know, think dumb like this. And we
just squeeze this, come back up, say
$2.20 is a conservative target.
That's like 200%. And then and then I
would say, you know, a moon a moon bag
hold to the to the actual golden pocket.
$10 is also a support resistance flip.
I don't know. It's it's literally
impossible, guys, to know like this not
a coin you can do TA on. Like that's the
thing. Like if if if this was a normal
coin, then yeah, the golden pocket,
right? If this was a normal coin,
[music] then we could say coming up
toward here,
you know,
but it's not normal.
>> But yeah, we could see a big squeeze.
It's down 98%. So
again, it's not a bad buy for anything
down 98%.
Um, you just have to understand that
it's it's a gamble, but it's a good
risk-to-reward gamble. Meaning, it
probably won't play out, but if it does,
it's a good risk-to-reward, right? It's
like if you found a $100 bill on the
floor, right? It's a free hundred bucks.
If you lose it, ah, doesn't matter. But
let's say you take the $100, you put it
on a long trade, and it just does
happens to do a 200% or more. Well,
great. [music] You know, you have to
look at it in that way. I hope no one's
risking any real capital that they need
on Ravecoin. All right.
Get the haircut and buy VIP. Yeah, skip
coffee and buy VIP.
Why are we not falling? Uh, the reason
we're not following is because this is a
Bitcoin is still bullish, guys. Bitcoin
is still bullish. It's not going to be
an easy
top here. All right. It's not
It's not going to be easy.
Um,
it's going to be difficult. There's a
lot of different resistances we can come
to.
Um,
yeah, it's not going to be easy. It's
not going to be easy.
We had many opportunities, guys, to
drop. I mean, look at this. Look at
this. You know, this short here, the one
we took live
in the Casper Crew VIP Discord from 79.
This was the opportunity. I mean, that
was a real opportunity to reject. Guess
what? We didn't reject. Um,
look at this. This was an opportunity to
reject. Multiple times we didn't do it.
We had so many times where we [snorts]
should have and could have rejected. I
mean, even over here, you know, but
every time we held support, now we have
this slow grinding move to the upside
and there's no clear resistance. We're
entering into a zone of resistance. We
don't have super clear top signals. We
have super bullish high time frame
signals. We're dealing with big zones.
It's not going to be I don't think
it's going to be that easy. But also,
here's another thing to keep in mind. It
takes time. Look what happened yesterday
when we hit the key level. How long did
it take before we got a real drop? It
took about
5 and 1/2 hours before we actually saw a
real drop. So if the same thing happens
now, [music] we are going to be looking
at let's say 5 1/2 hours, it's going to
put us at about 1912:00.
1912,
right? Which is really 7:00 p.m. right
around daily open, which actually makes
a lot of sense. Right.
So, don't expect to drop right now.
Iran, USA war started. Hasn't that war
been going on for like 20 years already?
Did you really lose 10 billion in
Ravecoin?
I don't think that's true, but
it might take out the Asia and London
low. Yeah, that's kind of what I'm
That's Yeah. So I am looking at
something like this potentially
happening here of us coming down to take
these lows here for sure, [music]
right? And then get a bounce or cuz this
is a giant parallel channel, right? Or
we come all the way down to the parallel
channel at like 76K,
right? 76K.
Is my hairdresser the local sheep
shearer?
Uh, no. No, we don't have sheeps on this
homestead.
This is a sheepfree homestead.
All right.
I know. They [snorts] start the war and
stop it every two every five seconds.
You know, the whole thing is like, what
the heck? I I I don't I you know, who
knows? Who knows what's going on?
[music] Um, Barber Trader Joe can teach
me how to cut my hair. Not the retail
way, but the market maker way. I would
like that, man. You know, I would like
to be a better hairdresser.
Um, [music] really, it's a London Bank
holiday. That's interesting.
Um, [music]
Luna Classic Redemption.
Yeah, goats are good. Benny Blanco from
the bro. From the [music] Bronx. Benny
Bronco from the Bronx.
Am I holding any Luna Classic? No, I'm
not. I'm not. But I'll never forget that
the day that Luna went to zero. It was
such a I was on the beach when that
happened. I was drinking a Zevia cherry
cherry cola and it was great. It was
great. Not as great as today is a
beautiful day. The sun is shining. The
birds are chirping. The sun is shining.
The birds are chirping.
It's a beautiful day. It is a beautiful
day. I mean, honestly, look at that
beautiful mountain view plus the garbage
cans. I mean, that's amazing.
It's just so beautiful. I I love it out
here, guys. I love it out here. I do.
All right.
What a quick bush pee. Well, you know, I
have I have a condition called micro
bladder. I have a condition called micro
bladder. All right. My bladder is very
small, the size of a baby's. So, I drink
gallons of water a day. the bladder
fills up and I have to pee. And um you
know [music] because it's such a small
bladder, it's a sad story, but the
bladder doesn't line up with the rest of
the piping in there, so it drips out
very slowly, but uh it doesn't take
long.
Um
can I pee in the bushes? Yeah, I can do
[music] whatever I want. You know,
that's what's cool about living out in
the middle of nowhere. You can do
whatever you want. You could go outside
naked. You could go outside, not naked.
You could do whatever you want, you
know.
All right, here we go, baby. Bitcoin
getting a little bit of a drop. We're up
$1,400. Let's Let's see if we don't get
more of a drop here. Oh, man. Can you
imagine if this was really the high? I
would be so upset if this really was the
high, guys. I would be so upset.
I would be so upset. I don't want this
to be the high. I want to make $100,000
on this long trade. [music] I do not
want this to be the high. I cannot even
begin to explain how much I do not want
this to be the high.
>> Did I mention I don't want this to be
the high? [music]
What's my opinion on altcoins? Um
my opinion on all coins um
is that um I still am holding all my
altcoins. All right. Um from 2022 and I
have not bought anymore. I'm I'm hoping
and expecting [music] that eventually
they do hit new highs. We gotta give a
major shout out to Crypto Lifer aka Sam
Price in the chat with the one with the
$20 super chat. He said, "Do I have a
small PP, too?"
I have a little pee pee. I have a little
pee pee. You know, I um I bought a lot
of peecoin
back in the day and I still have a
little I have a little pee pe. All
right, let's check out peepcoin right
here.
EPUSDT here.
PPcoin. Yeah, I got a little bit. I got
a little bit of this. Yeah. So, I do
have a little PP uh crypto lifer.
Yeah, I bought some all the way back
here in uh the December 2023, right when
we were forming this invert head and
shoulders. I bought right around here,
held in the red for a little, and of
course, I had to sell some after that
big move. you can't not sell, you know.
So, I sold a lot, but I still have a
little PP left. A little PPcoin left. I
don't know if it'll ever come back. I'm
not sure. I'm not sure.
But yeah. Mhm.
Big shout out to Crypto Lifer, guys.
Make sure to go subscribe if you're not
subscribed to Crypto Lifer.
All right.
We're at a kitty pre a kitty pre.
>> We're at a pretty key. Big shout out to
CJ Niss 8187. We are at a pretty key
support resistance flip. Could be the
top. I know. That's why I'm in this
short trade right now. And guys, I you
know I limited into this short order.
Straight li straight up limited into
this trade here. [snorts] I mean I
[music] I this I don't take very many
trades on this on this account. You can
see my order history. I've only got this
one. All right.
>> From 80,435,
I took this limit short order.
Uh because we're at a pretty key level.
And in, you know, like I said at the
beginning of the stream, in the event
that we do reject from this very obvious
support resistance flip, very obvious. I
mean, I'll go through it again. All
right.
This very obvious support resistance
flip here, right? Let's check it out.
Look at this. All right.
I mean, do you guys see how how key this
is? [music] It's literally the support
resistance flip from November. And you
go back in time and you realize that
these support resistance flips are
paramount. [music]
Paramount.
I like to just say the word paramount,
right? I don't really know what it
means, but I'll keep using it. But these
support resistance flips, they are
paramount, guys. All right. Check it
out. All right. Check it out.
Go to Bitcoin
and take a look here at these support
resistance flips. Right? We got this
here. This level was literally the
support resistance flip back from here.
All right. And look at this support
resistance flip from right here.
Right? Look, we we form the level and we
bounce. Right? It goes back even farther
than that. Look at this. Look at this.
Look at that.
>> Like I mean literally it was support
here then resistance resistance breakout
and then it was our support twice.
Right. Then we have it happen over here.
We have it happen over here
and [music]
you know it's not as Yeah. Look at this.
Right. Look at this. [music] Is this not
crazy? Look at what happened here guys.
You see this? Look at this. It was
support right here then resistance. So
right now we are coming to this this guy
right here. This could be it. [music]
You know this could be it right here.
I'm not saying yes. I'm not saying no,
but that could be it. Um
you know what they say, chasing a number
will be my downfall. I know chasing the
$100,000 profit could very well be my
downfall. [music]
You know what? You know what? I'm going
to blame it on Crypto Crank, man. I'll
blame it on Crypto Crank. All right,
Crypto Crank. He had his first what? He
made 200K in a day or something. I just
want to make 100K in a trade, guys. I've
been trying for a long time. All right,
I just want to make 100K in a trade. Is
that too much to ask? [music] Is that
too much to ask?
Is it too much to ask? 100K in one
trade,
man. Look at those beautiful garbage
cans in the background, guys. Honestly,
look at those beautiful garbage cans. I
love this mountainous view. I just love
the view. I love the mountains. I just
love the mountains. They're so
beautiful. They're just so beautiful,
man. I just love it out here. Love it
out here. Um, shout out to memory man.
He says, "I really doubt it's done yet."
But oh man, there's a big belly uneven
upside down butt. Right on the chart,
isn't there, Memory Man? Crypto Crank
says, "I got this." That's all I need.
That's all I need. I need hope,
feelings, and crypto crank in the chat
cheering me on. You know, he's taking a
break. He's up 125K in the week. He's
taking a little break. Look, Jay Casper
is trying to be up 125K since uh we got
in [music] at um
when did we get in?
This is a swing trade from March 27th.
So,
I'm trying to make 100K in in a little
bit more than a month. Let's see if I
can do it. All right. Let's see if I can
do it.
Um, big shout out to Dennis Marv.
[music] He says, "Jason,
watching your stream feels like I hung
out with a friend. Thanks for info, for
knowledge, and for fun." God bless you
and your family. Thank you, bro. God
bless you and your family, too. And
honestly, Dennis Marv, live streaming
with you makes me feel like I'm hanging
out with a friend as well. So, God bless
you, man. Dennis Marv,
Crypto Crank wants his first million
dollar trade. Yeah, I I understand that.
Crypto crank. I don't know if I'll ever
get to that level. But you know what? My
my my plan this market cycle was to turn
200K into 4 million in one trade, one
big swing trade. I don't know if I have
the opportunity to do that now cuz I'm
not sure if price is going to come down
to the level I wanted, you know. Um
[music]
to Slovenia.
Yeah. Unfortunately, I don't travel. All
right. I'm a homebody. I stay home. I
like to stay home. That's what I [music]
like. That's what I like, you know. Rave
is up 11%. All right. Good, good, good,
good, good.
What am I going to buy with that 100K?
Don't I have enough tractors and
chickens? Uh, I don't know, Castro. I
mean, really, you know, it's it's it's
only going to be like 60k after taxes,
right? So,
yeah. I don't know. Things are expensive
these days, my man. You know, a new
truck costs like 75K right now. Isn't
that crazy? A new truck is like 75K.
That's pretty crazy. New tractor, a new
nice tractor, you know, right around the
same price. Right around the same price.
So,
yeah.
Did I buy the house first?
Uh well, this house that I'm at right
now, I bought because of uh Bitcoin
[music] in 2018. I bought Bitcoin at 600
bucks and I bought this house in 2018
after that crazy bull run. Um
yeah, always Bitcoin came first.
Bitcoin has always come first.
Yeah. [music] Praise the Lord.
Yeah, Bitcoin first here.
[singing and music]
>> Do I have neighbors? No, I I don't have
neighbors, guys. I don't have neighbors.
I literally am out in the middle of
nowhere. I I don't know if you can see
my neighbors from here. You might be
able to see them from here. Let's see.
You guys see there? I'll show you my
neighbors.
It's hard. I don't think you can. Oh,
yeah.
Uh, you can't see my mouse. You can't
see my cursor, but you can see the
house, right? [music] Can you guys see
my cursor? If you could see my cursor on
the screen, I'm encircling my neighbor's
house. That's it. Way over there. Those
are my neighbors,
you know. So, yeah. I don't have
neighbors, guys. We live out in the
middle of nowhere.
Ain't got no neighbors.
So, Mr. Rogers a ain't around here.
No Mr. Rogers is out here,
you know.
Ain't got no [music] neighbors. It's got
the beautiful mountain views, baby.
>> How fresh are the veggies in the garden?
I mean, they're garden fresh. What else
can I say? They're [music] garden fresh.
Garden fresh.
Buy a new pair of scissors.
How is Virginia? West Virginia is
absolutely beautiful. West Virginia is
one of the most beautiful and cheapest
places you could possibly be. West
Virginia is like a hidden a hidden gem.
I mean, if if you're not if you're not
living in total poverty, like a lot of
people are in West Virginia. It's
[music] absolutely beautiful. It's
gorgeous. And everything's really cheap.
Everything's super cheap.
So,
you know,
>> yes, that's why I feel so comfortable
peeing in the backyard. Look, if you
can't pee in in your own backyard, then
you are in in a two a too a too high
highly populated area. Honestly,
if you [music] can't pee outside in your
own front yard and just let it let it
hang out and let it blow in the wind,
you're in a too densely populated area.
You know what I'm saying?
Um,
you're in a two densely populated area.
[laughter]
>> You live there in West Virginia. That's
what's up, man.
>> West Virginia has a lot of weird stuff.
Yeah, but it's beautiful. It's beautiful
out there in West Virginia. [music]
>> You know,
Castro 777 can't pee in the yard. I'm
sorry to hear that. I am sorry to hear
that you can't pee in your own yard.
That is a little bit sad.
>> Yeah.
>> But here's the problem. All right.
Here's the real problem.
The real problem is that there's cold
winters. Cold winters in West Virginia.
So that's why I have relocated to Cuba.
memory man. You don't you you don't pee
outside anymore, bro. I'm sorry to hear
that. It is fun. You can't even the
bathroom and have your neighbors look
through the window. Look, I've been in
all different situations myself. So, you
know,
ew, are you joking? Buy an apartment in
New York City makes me want to literally
I can't even imagine that. New York
City, the most disgusting place in the
world. I can't even imagine that. near.
Oh, who the heck would want to live? Who
would want to live on an island with
millions of people where the only way on
and off the island is either a tunnel or
a bridge or a boat? If anything were to
ever happen to the supply chain,
that thing you everyone would be dead
very very quick. There's there's only
enough food to last like 3 days.
And then I mean you're on city water
even though you got surrounded by
polluted water. Can you imagine if
anything ever went wrong? the amount of
violence and looting and destruction
[music] and death and slow painful
illness and all this nonsense. Cities,
man,
I'm telling you, they're not good. The
first person in the Bible to build a
city was Cain. The first murderer, the
first city builder. And his curse for
murdering his brother was that he had to
stop being a farmer and go build a city.
And all throughout scripture, cities are
just a symbol of evil. Babylon the
Great. Babylon the Great. Who would want
to live in a city? H dirty, dirty air.
No space. Oh my goodness. Plus, you're
paying all that money for a dang
apartment in New York City.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand you guys out there in
the city,
man.
Is New York City the most disgusting
city?
I don't know. To me, it is. To me,
they're all the same. All right. To me,
any city is the same. I get I literally
get nervous when I go into cities.
[music] When I go into cities, I I start
to get nervous. All right. My palms get
sweaty, my knees get weak, my arms get
heavy.
You know,
there's a comet on my sweater.
I have a sweater that has a picture of
Haley's comment on it. Shout out to
Haley and Mom and Kim.
[crying]
I Yeah, I feel like they are torture
chamber. They could become torture
chambers easy. I mean, I don't know.
Look, guys, look, I'm a paranoid guy,
all right? I like to I just like to be
out here where there's nothing. I'd like
to be out here where I can grow my own
food if I want and all that stuff.
If cities are evil, what happens in the
far future if the whole world becomes a
city?
What kind of a question is that? I mean,
yeah, they're going to try and round
everybody up and put put everybody in a
smart city and they're going to do a lot
of things they can to get people out of
the country um [music] into cities. Um I
the whole world will never be a city.
The whole world will never be a city,
[music] right? That's impossible.
That's impossible. Do you know where
food comes from? Food comes from the not
city. All right. So, in when you're in
the city, when you're eating all your
food from all your restaurants and your
grocery stores,
all that food comes from the not city.
The whole world was a city, there'd be
no food. And don't tell me all this fake
factory, fake meat, and all this crap,
cuz if that's all there is to eat,
you're not going to be living too long.
[music] All right?
Um
>> yeah, [music] 15 minute cities.
>> Yeah. [music] Look, I mean,
uh, I says New York City may be dirty,
but it prints the most amount of money.
Who cares? Who cares? [music]
I'll tell you what prints money. Trading
out in the mountains
prints money, too.
But look, this is just my opinion, guys.
You know, this is just my opinion. You
do what you want to do. I mean, if you
love the city, then by all means, you
stay in the city. You stay in those
dense population zones,
those places where
if I don't know, a foreign nation that
dislikes America, I mean, there's no
foreign nation that dislikes America
would want to try to attack us. They
definitely would probably tried to
attack a densely populated zone. Maybe
not. Maybe they'd go for like somewhere
in the middle of nowhere. Where's all
the all the alleged nuclear weapons in
America are somewhere like in the middle
of nowhere, right? Like in in Missouri
or something weird like that. I don't
know. I don't know.
Did Palunteer really make a deal with
the farmers? [music] That's interesting.
>> That is interesting.
Mountains are actually melted buildings
from Tartaria,
says Flat Smack. Yeah, maybe. I like,
who knows? Like, I really don't know. I
don't know. Was there Was there a crazy
cataclysm that happened like a few
hundred years ago?
Was there a crazy a crazy cataclysm that
happened a few hundred years ago?
Let me let me take a poem in the chat.
All right. I feel like the the people
who watch these streams, you guys
probably know a lot about
about alternative history.
Let's take a poll in the chat. All
right.
See,
was there a worldwide
[music] cataclysm? I don't even know how
to spell cataclysm
a few hundred years ago.
Let's see. I I'm assuming most people
say no. Most people probably even never
even considered this.
Um, Memory Man says yes.
Half my says tartar is a bunch of crap.
You know, I don't like tartar sauce
either, half my I honestly don't I don't
like tartar sauce either, man.
You know, [music] of course, I don't eat
shrimp myself,
but I'm not a big fan of tartar sauce.
Yeah, like the 1600s, the mud floods.
Yeah, the mud floods were there mud
floods and are all the mountains melted
buildings and cities and you know is all
the ancient is all the architecture
these like uh the banks and all these
like buildings in America
are they from like a previous
era you know all that stuff [music] you
know I'm not even making any sense when
I'm saying this
mud floods you guys believe in Preparing
for war. He says no. He says a big no. N
O.
Preparing for war says no. Memory man
says yes. Oh man, Bitcoin's dumping.
Bitcoin's in a little bit of a mud flood
itself right now. [music]
Um, yeah, we're talking about Tartaria.
Of course, you can't talk about Tartaria
[music]
without talking about a whole bunch of
other stuff, too.
You know,
Dak25, he says, "One thing's for sure.
We have been lied to about a lot of
things." Yeah, I feel you on that, Dak
25. You know, that's why I just I just I
maintain an open mind about stuff. I
don't know.
Um
12,000 years ago. No, I'm Yeah. Okay.
Maybe
worldwide. No.
Half my says no.
All right. Slow cia 4318 says, "I live
in the [music] PNW. Is that the Pacific
Northwest?"
I don't know what that really means. And
it's kind of crazy not to believe in a
cataclysm given the formations out here.
[music]
Are we talking about the flood? No,
we're not talking about Noah's flood.
We're talking about a different kind of
cataclysm that happened not so distant
in the past.
>> Um,
[music]
[laughter]
DJ says, "I'm not saying it was aliens,
but it was aliens." Okay.
Uh Dennis Marv, he says, "Jason, but
what if some [music]
oh aliens sneak and get [music] you?"
Uh well, I pray I pray against that
stuff now. I pray against that stuff in
in Yeshua's name, right? So
the World's Fair building should give
you a clue. Yeah. The world the World's
Fair buildings and
Yeah, I've heard it. I've heard it. Flat
Smack, you know. I've heard it, man.
Tartaria's on the old maps. Yeah, it's
on the old maps. It is. It is.
Um, [music]
in the past 200 years, Jason Casper
happened. Yeah. Um,
7,000 years ago, Florida had a
population closest related to Asia
today.
That's interesting.
Our pink says, "One of the biggest lies
is that there are many ways to the
father." That's true. I agree with that.
I agree with that.
Why did I smell my finger? Oh, I'll tell
you why. Because I what I like to do is
I like to pick these these pine uh
leaves and I break them and I rub them
together on my fingers like this
and I smell them.
You guys, you know, getting real up
close and personal. I love to do this.
Smells so good. Yeah, I love to do it.
M smells so [music] good. And then the
pine sap gets stuck to the fingers.
Look, you could still see the residue of
the pine sap on my stuck to my fingers.
That black stuff. It smells so good.
Underground cities in Turkey. Really
interesting. Interesting. Interesting.
Mainstream media can make anything a
worldwide cataclysm. That is very true.
That is very true. Yeah, you you can't
do that in the city. That's for sure.
You can't just pick the pine needles
from the tree and give it a sniff in the
city. That is for sure, man. Um, you do
that with weed. Back in my weed smoking
days, I also used to do that with weed
after you uh [music] roll a fatty, you
know, and you're breaking it up, rolling
it in there. Yeah. Then it's it actually
has the same feeling. A little sticky. A
little sticky feeling. The resin. Yeah.
Yeah. I used to do that with weed, too.
Now I do it with pine needles.
Antarctic will have [music] buying and
selling on spot for sure. For sure.
Will Trump announce the aliens?
I don't know. I don't know what the
disclosure is going to look like. I
don't know.
I don't know.
How did I quit?
The Lord. The Lord took it away from me.
HFG. It was a supernatural a
supernatural thing.
Supernatural. [music]
Did I ever play video games? Not really.
I played classic video games. I played
Super Mario 3. [music]
Um,
I played uh Super Mario 6. I played a
lot of old school video games. I never
played new video games. All right. Once
Xbox came out, I was done. I was done.
All right. So, man, I really just wait.
I I hope I hope I thought we were going
to get a pump. I I think we're still
going to get a pump, guys. Let's Let's
wait and see how this how this rolls
out. Um,
dollar bills. Thanks the Lord for weed.
That's cool. You know, if that's your
thing, bro. You know, for me, it was
definitely uh something that did not
help my life and I was I was in bondage
to it and and God set me free from that
bondage. And so
I'm very very thankful for that. [music]
Um
I'm too young for old school games.
Well, here's the thing. When I was a
kid, all I had was an an NES or I had an
NES, the old school one that came out in
the 80s, 1985. I had Super Mario
Brothers and Duck Hunt. I had The
Legends of Zelda. I had Link. I had,
[music] you know, Super Mario 3,
um, had all those NES games. Then in
1998,
I got a Nintendo 64.
And, uh, you know, I played all the good
games for Nintendo 64.
And then in like 2002ish, I I decided
one day I hated video games. I was
sitting down playing
GameCube
and I realized I really don't like this
at all. I don't know why I'm playing
this game and I just stopped playing
video games, you know.
Um,
yeah. But
DHPL says, "Satan Satan keeps you on the
right track." Well, here's the thing. I
don't know if you're being sarcastic or
not, but here's the thing. If you're
going to be making deals with the dark
side, you're going to have to pay for
that, bro, with your own soul. So, I
hope that you're being sarcastic. I hope
you're just trolling. Cuz if you're not,
uh, again, it's not going to turn out
very good for you, bro. So, I pray
you're joking. If you're not joking,
then I I pray that you seek the Lord. He
sets you free from demonic strongholds
in your life.
007. Yeah, 007. That was a good game.
007.
That was a fun game.
We used to get real competitive with
that.
Um,
have I ever watched Jason Casper on
weed? No, I've never watched myself on
weed.
Um, [music]
there are no aliens or disembodied
spirits of the Nephilim.
Yeah. I mean, I I I I don't know if
aliens are disembodied Nephilim spirits.
I don't know. Um, look, there's a lot of
things we don't know, right? There's a
lot of things we don't know. [music] One
thing I do know is that I I do believe
that
I do believe that any kind of genetic
manipulation of God's creation is wrong.
Right? So whatever is happening with the
whole alien
phenomenon
has to do with genetic manipulation to
some degree.
Uh whether some of them are actual
demonic entities, fallen angels, maybe
some of them are disembodied spirits
that have created for themselves new
bodies somehow. I don't know. But, uh,
whatever the case, whatever whatever it
is, it's definitely not whatever they're
going to tell us it is when there's
alien disclosure, official alien
disclosure, and it's definitely not what
the movies and the media have been
telling us for the past 100 years.
Definitely, it's definitely not that,
right? It's definitely not that.
Um,
Memory Man says, "I quit video games
because it was holding me down, but I
still smoke flowers like a freight
train." Well, you know, then good for
you, Memory Man, cuz
you know, if if it if it's working for
you, then it's working for you, man.
You know,
aliens are demonic. I I Yeah, I believe
whatever is happening is is demonic.
When I say demonic, I mean it's not of
God, right? It's of the dark side. It's
of the dark side.
Shout out to Juan Estrada. What's going
on, my bro?
What's going on?
Metroid for NES. Yeah, you know, I never
got into Metroid, but you know what game
I did love for NES was Mega Man 2. Good
old Mega Man 2. You guys remember Mega
Man 2 with like Woodman and Metal Man
and Airman?
That was a good game. And that had
really good music. That game had such
good music.
Mega Man 2, I think, for the NES,
probably the best music, one of the best
musics of any NES game.
Um, [music] in my opinion. In my
opinion,
yeah, many alien abductions have stopped
by calling upon the name of Jesus.
That's another reason why I fully
believe whatever is happening is is, you
know, of the dark side.
You haven't thought about Mega Man since
you were little. Yeah, Mega Man.
That's what's [music] up.
Shout out to the next resistance level.
Big shout out to Beanstalk. Shout out to
Splash Power Films. Wow, Street Fighter
2. Yeah, that did also have an epic
soundtrack. I forgot about that game. Um
Um
Are we going to pump or are we going to
dump? Well, I feel like we could dump a
little bit. Um, but I'm hoping that we
do pump up a little bit more.
Good to store away important healthy
choices and re-evaluate your habits,
says Beanstalk you. Adam prayed to Jesus
and the aliens left. That's what's up,
man. Yeah, for sure.
Um,
tomorrow is a big day for the pump. You
can feel it in your bones. I Yeah, I
hope your bones are right. I hope your
bones are right.
Please, rap, you need it, says Sheen 9.
Oh man, I don't know if I have it in me.
Like, I I need I need some I need some
I need some
some price action, you know? I need some
juicy price action.
The Corny of Time or Ocarina, however
you say it, had a good soundtrack. Yeah,
but I never I never played that game
sadly. Like I never really got into that
game. My brother did. My brother did.
I don't even know what I would rap
about. Bitcoin's doing nothing. We're
doing nothing. We're doing nothing, you
know?
Man, isn't it crazy? This short trade is
now up two grand. Oh, man. I I I I I
hope you're right, uh, Juan Estrada,
about the pump, cuz like I said, and I
know I know I'm doing the wrong thing by
having a a number goal in mind for this
long trade, but I really want to hit a
$100,000 trade just so I can say I did
it. Just so I can say I did it, you
know.
>> [music]
>> Um,
the best video games are the one we're
playing right now. The markets in life.
Yeah. You know, that's kind of how I
feel. Um,
you know, because
this basically is a video game. I I Man,
it's so sad. Not sad, but you know, I I
my nephew My nephew, he's 13. He's
obsessed with video games and stuff. I'm
trying to get him into trading. He's a
smart kid,
you know? It's like, but he has no
interest, so whatever. But man, if I
could go back to old Jason Casper when
he was 13 and just say, you know, learn
how to chart. I don't even know if you
could do that when I was 13.
But uh, man, imagine all the energy that
we wasted on on pointless things when we
were young. If we had wasted that energy
on things that would benefit us,
you know,
rap about the beautiful property.
You know what the problem is, memory
man? The problem is I'm not a good
rapper at all. Right? And so if I'm if
I'm if it's not about the charts, I
can't think of anything to say.
My first 100k trade might be the short
from 82. You close your long after 80k.
That that was a good a good move memory,
man. Honestly, I I thought about closing
half of this right now to book in like
60 grand.
I'm not going to close this thing in a
loss. Like, I'm definitely not going to
close the thing in a loss. Um,
you know. Okay, so 68% believe in a in a
world cataclysm.
Yeah, that's interesting. You guys
believe in a in a in a world cataclysm.
Yeah. Okay, cool, man. I look the Jason
Casper viewers, man. You guys, you know,
you guys got some open minds up in here.
You guys for sure have some open minds.
I knew I could trust you guys.
Where's the 100week moving average? Awan
Estrada. Let me check that out real
quick. Let's check out the 100week
moving average.
See, that's the 20. Let's put on
100.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Wow. I mean, that's 87K, man. That would
that that would definitely make me
$100,000.
That would make me $100,000.
Bitcoin's falling now, you say?
Eh, it's not really it's not really
falling.
Yeah, Asian London O. Asian London O.
London low. Yeah, that's definitely the
next place I'm looking for. Long. Let
kids be kids, says GHPL. Look, youth is
wasted on the young. GHPL. I'm that old
man right now. Youth is wasted on the
young.
The Samrians think they have multiple
cataclysms.
Yeah, I mean like who knows, right? I I
I do I do not know. I do [music] not
know. Nihilist UK drum and bass.
How many crypto traders does it take to
change light bulb? A lot. A lot. Because
every time a crypto trader's wife asks
him to change the light bulb, he says,
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I will. I will
right after this." But of course, this
never ends because the markets are 24
hours. [music] We're never going to get
around to changing that light bulb.
You know,
>> what's my TP1? The head's short.
I don't know, man. I don't know. It It
really depends on the situation here.
London is closed. It's a bank holiday.
What's my biggest single win trade? Uh,
I think like 65 65K
65K.
>> Castlevania. I forgot about Castlevania.
I forgot about Castlevania.
Sideways and slightly down. Yeah. Yeah.
Man, I forgot about Castlevania. That's
crazy.
>> Yeah, I do have a uh I do have a night
an NES emulator
on my on my computer.
Whoa.
Yeah, I do have an NES emulator on the
computer.
>> I don't know if you guys heard that or
not. I just pulled open Super Mario 3.
Sometimes I play with my kids
cuz you know
Oh, yeah. You guys can see it. Can you
see it? No, you can't see it.
See? There we go. There you go.
[music and singing]
>> Super Mario Brothers 3.
[singing]
[music]
Have I ever been to the UK? No, I've
never been to the UK and I never will. I
never will go to the UK. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I never will.
What do I think about dinosaurs?
Um, so I have a few different thoughts
about dinosaurs. Theory number one
is that I have a lot of different
theories about dinosaurs. I don't know
what I think about dinosaurs. [music]
Um, so I'm not sure. I don't know. I
don't know if they are are really
existed.
You know, it is very strange to me that
[music] nobody knew about dinosaurs
until all of a sudden the government's
paying out lots of grant money for
people to find dinosaurs and then they
find [music] like two bones and they're
like, "Oh yeah, it must be a new
brontosaurus rex thing." And they like
draw this whole diagram and fill the
rest in with uh plaster fake bones.
[music]
It is weird also that you can't actually
see a dinosaur skeleton if you go to a
museum cuz they can't put the real ones
out. Um,
and it's also strange to me that a lot
of early archaeological finding findings
turned out to be fraudulent. So
sometimes I wonder if the whole thing is
just people looking to get money from
the government. Um,
other times I wonder if they were um,
you know, maybe they were creatures that
existed but they were destroyed by some
kind of cataclysm. [music] Um,
you know, maybe they maybe they were
genetically modified creatures, right?
Like if you um,
you know, the scripture says all flesh
had become corrupt. So the question is
does that include animal flesh? And if
you read ancient tradition,
you know, they say, "Yeah, even animals
were being like genetically modified and
so were plants." And so maybe those
things weren't supposed to exist. Maybe
they're like uh genetic hybrids or
something and uh they got wiped out. Um
those are kind of like my two my two
main theories about it, but I'm open to
other stuff, too, you know.
Um, [music]
>> I'm open to other stuff too, you know.
Go to the 24-minut time frame here.
Let's put on our good old market cipher
B.
>> You're pretty iffy on D. Yeah, I'm super
iffy on dinos. I'm super iffy. I mean,
of course, you also have all these
legends of like fire breathing dragons
and stuff like this. So, you know, maybe
there are maybe there is stuff like
that. Maybe that stuff is still here and
we just don't know, you know. I don't
know.
But, um,
they needed a story to back up limited
fossil fuels.
Flashback doesn't believe in fossil
fuel.
>> [music]
>> What do I think is in the deep ocean? I
don't know. There's a certain limit to
how deep we can go, allegedly. I [music]
I've never been down there myself.
So, how could I possibly know? Um,
I don't know. I I I I would assume like
under the earth is the underworld
somewhere somehow,
but I don't really know.
Genesis says that all animals and humans
were created at the same time.
Um,
no, it doesn't say they were created at
the same time. It says they were created
one day. Oh, no. You're right. They were
created on the same day. My bad. They
were created on day six, but animals
were created first.
Uh
yeah, animals were created first, right?
And the earth brought them forth. That's
that's the big difference between the
creation of man and the creation of
animals. The earth brought forth the
animals, but God formed man or created
man in his own image. It's a little bit
different.
Is Kanye West club?
[music] I don't know.
I don't know.
What do I think about the Gnostic
teachings? [music]
Um, well, I'm a Christian, so I reject
them.
Um,
to put it simply, nihilist UK drum and
bass.
So
I think that um [music]
I think that everything narcissism uh is
trying to achieve through nosis [music]
is only available through Christ.
All right. So that's my view.
All right. I don't I don't think
that
I don't think salva or I don't even want
to use the word salvation but I don't
think I don't think ascension or any
kind of salvation or freeing from this
physical experience is possible
outside of Christ outside of Jesus.
Right?
So
andnosticism is a very broad umbrella. I
mean you could consider a lot of
different thingsism,
right?
But I'm assuming you basically are
talking about
somehow ascending or being freed from
the physical condition through
knowledge and enlightenment.
And um
yeah, I don't I don't I I reject that. I
reject I don't think it's possible. I
think it's a trap, a neverending trap.
Uh, real cipher rider says, "Jason, I
believe this is the last bottom before
the big pump." Well, it might be. I hope
we get one more bottom. All right. Yeah,
memory man's agnostic,
so
we talked to him about it.
All right. The nuts 33 says, "My point
is that dinosaurs aren't millions of
years old while humans are only
thousands of years old." [music]
>> Yeah. I mean, look, I I'm I'm open to a
lot of different things. All right. Um
I'm open to a lot of different things
here. So yeah, I would agree that if if
dinosaurs were created
or began to exist um be after the
creation of Adam and before the flood of
Noah, then yeah, humans and dinosaurs
would have been on the earth at the same
time, right? But if if there was some
kind of pre-adamic creation
[snorts]
or some kind of padamic civilization of
of of sorts, then you know things could
be very very old. You know, things can
be very very old. All right. Um
we don't know how old the earth is. You
know, the the Bible doesn't tell us
that. You could add up the genealogies
um if you want then you're going to get
somewhere between 6 and 10,000 years old
depending on if you're doing the the
maseretic text or the septuagent.
Um but even then that doesn't tell us
what was there something here before the
six days of creation. I mean even from a
biblical perspective you have to ask
yourself
you know when did when did the devil
fall? I mean, when did that happen? Um,
did that happen before the six days?
It's It's hard to say. It's hard to say.
You could make a You could make an
argument for and against it. You could
say everything had to have been created
in those six days because it says, you
know, in Genesis 2 that God finished his
work, the heavens and the earth and all
their hosts, right?
so to speak that everything that exists
was created in those six days.
But there are different ways to
interpret that. So
But look, I I don't know. I honestly I
these are things I I I can't know. So,
they're fun to think about, though.
They're definitely [music] fun to think
about, for sure.
Waj Jeb thinks that someone on acid
created the stories. Do you really think
that uh Wajib Waj
you think that somebody on acid created
those stories
[music]
or are you just joking?
>> [music]
>> You want a raffle today in Discord
Dreamer91? That's cool. I'll get you
your prize ASAP once we get all the
wallets. Once we get all the wallets,
then I will um
I'll get everyone out their prizes.
[snorts]
Ah, man. I was hoping that we would get
some some juicy action today, guys.
You know,
monthly Bitcoin chart looks great.
How about phantom time theory? Doesn't
that go right along with the mud fudge
and all that memory? Man, doesn't
phantom time theory go along with like
Tartaria and um the fact that like there
are there were like uh centuries [music]
that were added like in the Middle Ages
and stuff like this,
you know.
There's a bug on me.
What kind of music is this? This is not
the kind of music I like. This put me to
sleep right now.
What the heck? Lowfi coffee music. No,
no thanks. Here we go. This is more like
it. Uh uh. Uh uh. Yeah. Uh uh. Uh uh uh.
Yeah. Uh uh. Here we go. Here we go.
Uh yeah. Uh here we go. Oh, here we go.
Hey yo, [music] we're trading Bitcoin,
trying to make 100K today, but the
market makers coming out to play. They
say, "Hey Jay, man, we won't let [music]
you win. We're going to hit you down
right onto your chin to the curb. Make
you heard about to dump it down to 75K
[music]
[singing] before we turn around." The
market makers gave the scam wick in
advance. Over on by bit, you better do
the dance and change [music] your pants
cuz you know you soil them. Got the crap
coming down your with the loyals and the
tin foil. Got the potatoes man up in the
oven. The Bitcoin [singing and music]
price like the hand in the glove and no
love cuz you know they about to jump at
it. Candles turning purple man. And like
Donald Trump said he said I'm only
[music and singing] orange cuz I like to
eat my porridge when I'm hanging out
with my good friend named Jaridge
busting through the door [music] hands.
He's coming in. He says hey Jay come and
give it a spin. Talking about the new
Lambo [music] that we got today from the
dealership. You know I never give a day.
I keep it straight. I keep it simple.
And you know I never play. Jay Casper.
Another day, another trade. [music] In
the garden outside, we're digging with
the spade. Don't you know I'm coming in
just to say, "Hey Jay, you know we're
[music] here in the long trade. Looking
for the bounce. You know we blasting
space like the rocket ship. Busting up
through the van Allen. Radiation bells
[singing and music] till they had
enough. We're coming back down to the
Pacific Ocean. We're trading here
[music] on by bit and blowoffin. And
don't you know once the raps get going I
just can't stop. Hopefully I'm not
choking. [music] So sit down my bloke
and listen to me spit. J C P C P C P C P
C P C P C P C P C P C P. We got the
grit. We're in [music] the crew. You
know we're only making the moves cuz the
candles never turning purple. They only
turning blue. Now let me tell you what
[music] the price is about to [singing]
do. Sit back and I'mma take you to the
trading school. We got the upside
[music] down uneven cheeks on market
cipher B. Now let me take a peek. We got
so big on the [singing] left, baby.
[music] Don't you know it's juicy? We
got skinny on the right just around the
booty. And I don't even know if you
could spot it, but [music] we just came
up and made a double top. And now we
about to dump down. Your smiles turned
to frown. You were in [music] the
profit, but now we turn around. You were
in the green. J [singing] Casper, a
trading machine, but now we're in the
red and it's going straight to my head.
Oh my goodness.
There we go. [music]
There we go. There we go. All right.
You had to go to bed last night for
work.
If you were up, you could have taken the
3K
uh Magamax train. I'm sorry. I'm sorry
that that you [music] didn't get it.
Yeah, finally we got some bars, you
know. Um
[music] Magmax Cherry says, "I believe
the year is not 2026."
Um, so Waj Jeb doesn't believe in any
book. Okay, that's cool, man.
Look, honestly, the
if you think that we should learn from
previous humans that came before us,
then I mean, guess what old books are?
It's all the wisdom and knowledge of
those that came before us, my man.
>> Um, but look, to each their own.
See what happens.
What's the main target for the short?
Well, look, I'm looking at at like this,
[music] okay? I'm I'm honestly, if if
this is our chart here, I'm kind of
looking at it like this. I'm looking
that we come down, maybe we take the
lows from the weekend, like down to
here,
and then come back up. That's kind of
what I'm looking at.
Um, now this short that I'm currently
in, I'm not really going to take profits
unless we're actually going to lose like
75K
really. or not 75K, I'm sorry, 73ishk,
right? If we're coming back down to the
value area low of the macro range here,
I'm going to have to close that long and
take my profit. All right, I'm going to
have to close the long, take the profit
if we are coming back down into this.
All right, so we lose this orange line
right here.
And in my opinion, that is very bearish,
extremely bearish. Then we're going to
have confirmed ultra bearish dibs. But
until we do that, I'm going to keep the
long open, right? [music]
Is the $100,000 [laughter]
going to help get the ceiling painted?
No. No, it's not. [music]
Um,
sadly, it's not. Okay. I don't think
I'll ever paint this ceiling. Um,
you're looking for a whip saw.
>> Yeah, the Nest 33. Definitely not. I
don't think I'll ever paint the ceiling.
My chart is frozen. Yeah. Uh I forgot to
mention for some reason sometimes, and I
don't know why, but the if I don't have
it open on my computer, it will freeze.
So, watch this. Here we go. There we
[music] go. Now, it's fixed. I got to be
looking at it on my main screen here.
79605. Memory man took profit.
That's cool.
>> [music]
>> going to have a Monday high to deal with
mñana. Yeah, for sure.
The calendar is definitely fake,
says Dakbeck. Yeah, I mean it's it's
hard to say. Calendars are a very
interesting thing to study in general.
Felix [music] believes in Jesus Christ,
my Lord and Savior.
I believe in Jesus Christ, too.
So, [music]
we're on the same page there. Felix H.
Drywall grows mold without being sealed.
Huh. Didn't know that. Well, maybe I'll
have a moldy ceiling.
Maybe I'll have a a moldy [music]
ceiling.
It's not Antarctic that's freezing. It's
my computer. If I don't watch, I'll make
it freeze again. Here, we're going to
freeze Antarctic. Right now, Trading
View is frozen. If I go to Trading View,
Antarctic will freeze, right? It's it's
depends on which one I have open here,
right? Depends which one I have open.
>> [music]
>> What's a good walking pad? Barber Trader
Joe. Uh, whatever is cheap on Amazon.
This one I have I actually really like.
This is the um H Home
Trow. Home Tro. The home trow.
Let me see if I can find it. [music]
I got a few of these.
Yeah. Let's see if I can find it.
Yeah, this is the one I got here.
The Home Tro
Fitness at home walking pad.
Here it is.
This is it.
This could be me. I bought it cuz I
thought this could be me.
You know, this is me. This is me.
Um,
9% incline.
You know, I don't I have never even used
the incline on this. I don't even know
how the incline works. 265 lb capacity.
Take your fitness to the next level,
[music] it says. And it's only How much
is it here?
I don't know. Doesn't say.
doesn't say here. Oh, it's currently
unavailable. Oh. Oh, that's a bummer.
Yeah, currently unavailable. But
that's the one I currently use. It's a
good thing I Oh, man. It's a good thing
I have a bunch. It's a good thing I have
a bunch cuz, you know,
I do have a bunch of them in case one
burns out.
Yeah, I do pretty much look like her,
right?
Been three live for three hours. It's
been two hours,
but shout out to Kron 89.
All
right, memory man. If you say I should
get some primer on, I'll get some primer
[music] on. All right, I will. I will.
I drag that thing in in and out of the
garage every day. Yeah, pretty much. You
know, I really like [music] this new
garage setup here. You know, I had an
office inside and I felt like I had live
in such a beautiful place. Why would I
want to be inside all day? I'd rather
just be outside. So, now I'm outside,
you know. Now I'm outside. Big shout out
to the super chat.
What's the deal with Rave, man? Why is
everyone How is Rave looking? Let's take
a look at Rave. All right, we'll take a
look at Rave here.
Take a quick look at Rave. Thank you so
much for the super chat. Is Trump
blabbing right now?
Let's see.
Let's see. First, we'll take a look at
Rave, then then we'll see if Trump's
blabbing.
All right, let's take a look at Rave
again.
All right, Rave's been pumping. All
right, Rave's been pumping.
So,
we're at a support.
We're breaking out of this. I'd say, you
know, $2.50 is the next support, and
after that, $6.40 at the golden pocket.
Uh, I don't know how much we got here,
but like I said, it's a gamble if you're
willing to take it. I mean, we've
already pumped up quite a bit since we
looked at it last time. We were still in
this box here.
So, we're up probably what? Someone said
11% since then. Wow, we're up 20% since
then. Should have traded rave.
I guess that's why everyone's into it
right now. We're up 20% in a few minutes
here.
Yeah, I mean, we're squeezing all this.
We could continue to squeeze. We could
come up to 250. Now, again, this is not
this is not the kind of coin that I can
really do like analysis on to be honest
with you because it's just a rug pull.
So, you know,
it's just a rug pull
in general. In general.
Do I want Moonboys trapped? Um,
I don't really want anybody trapped to
be honest with you. [music]
I just I just want something to happen.
I just I just want to make $100,000 in
one trade. That's all I really want. Is
that too much to ask? Is that too much
to ask?
Um,
all right. [music]
Well, you know what sucks, guys? It
sucks that whenever I go live, we get no
volatility. That's that's a that's kind
of a bummer. You know, it's kind of is a
bummer. Um, if I were to end the stream
right now, we would get something crazy
to happen. But, but sadly, I do have to
end the stream now, right? It's almost
400 p.m. my time, so I got to head out,
guys. But I love you. God bless you in
Jesus name. May the Lord bless you and
your families. [music] And, uh, Lord
willing, I'll see you guys tomorrow.
Peace.